Update studio links to graphos and remove absolute URL path (#255)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/devtools/apollo-config.md

There are a few different ways you can link your client to a schema:

> 1. Use the Apollo [schema registry](/graphos/schema-registry/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the Apollo [schema registry](/graphos/schema/cli-registration/)
```

Reviewer: (This link also happened to be outdated)

2. With a remote endpoint (from a running server)
3. With a local schema file

#### Option 1: Use the Apollo schema registry

> To link your client to a schema through the Apollo schema registry, you'll need to have at least one version of your schema uploaded to the [registry](/graphos/schema-registry/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link your client to a schema through the Apollo schema registry, you'll need to have at least one version of your schema published to the [registry](/graphos/schema/cli-registration/).
```

};
```

> > **Note:** you must have a [registered schema](/graphos/schema-registry/#registering-a-schema) for features like VS Code intellisense, which requires knowledge of your schema, to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** you must have a [published schema](/graphos/schema/cli-registration/) for features like VS Code intellisense, which requires knowledge of your schema, to work properly.
```
